# igrill-combiner
Command line utility to combine probe data generated by the iGrill 2™ Thermometer

## Description
This tool allows you to export the individual CSV files from the iGrill app and
combine them into a single file with user-definable averaged periods. This results in
much easier generation of custom charts and logs.

## Usage

Once installed, use the following steps:

1. Create a new folder
2. Download all exported files from your cook to the new folder
3. `php /path/to/combiner/combiner.php > output.csv`
4. Unless you want to get fancy, that's it!

## You Want to Get Fancy

Don't get too excited, this is just version 1.  This is more "ketchup AND mustard on
your hot dog fancy", not "OMG caviar" fancy :)

### Custom Period

By default, the output is combined into 120-second periods. To change this, simply
provide an integer as the first argument to the script.

`php combiner.php 600`

This example would generate 10-minute periods.  This would be useful for longer cooks.

To get your data combined without averages, use a period of 1.

`php combiner.php 1`

### Custom Time Format

By default, the output will include the hour and minute, in a 24-hour format. That
might be a problem for overnight cooks, for example, or if you specify a period shorter
than 60 seconds.

To change the format, just specify a second argument to the script.

`php combiner.php 120 H:i`

#### Example Time Formats

- US date, 24hr - `'n/j/y H:i'` (the quotation marks are important)
- Hours, minutes, and seconds, 24h - `H:i:s`

For full documentation of date options, see here - http://php.net/manual/en/function.date.php
